# BAPyA Board Meeting Agenda Date/Time 2023-09-01

## Attendance

* Record attendees:
  * James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe  
* Record absences
  * No absences
* Vote to approve 2023-08-21 minutes
  * Moshe motions to approve
  * Mahmoud seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion carries
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
  * Status of PyBay
  * Transition of BAPya
  * Frequency of Meetings
  * Conflicts of interests
* Vote to approve agenda

## Status of PyBay

* Phebe:
  * 55 speakers submitted 73 talks
  * 15 of the speakers are women
  * 15 non-white people
  * 1 non-binary
  * 2 tracks, around 25 minutes
  * 1 sponsor talk
* Mahmoud: How is PyBay choosing the talks?
* James: We have several people reviewing the talks
* Moshe: What about tickets?
* Phebe:
  * SF Python has a meetup on Sept. 13th, `$140` so far for that.
  * PyBay early bird tickets are on sale
* Moshe: Can we put them on social media?
* Phebe: Yes
* James: We'll concentrate on the tickets now
* Phebe: It's going to be `$11K` for AV
* Mahmoud: When do we get the schedule?
* Phebe: Next week.
* Mahmoud: Other milestones?
* Phebe: Sept7th is the end of early bird tickets,
  Sept 22nd is the end of regular bird tickets,
  after that it's late bird up to Oct. 6th.
  Max capacity is 250.
  There is a place to donate extra money on the ticket sales.

## Frequency of meetings

* Mahmoud:
  * Moshe won't be here in two weeks.
  * We should do stuff async
  * We can vote on GitHub, if we need an extra budget approval.
* Phebe: We are not likely to need a vote.
* Moshe: We are not planning any meeting until PyBay.

## Conflict of interests

* Mahmoud: Is there an outstanding action item?
* Phebe: Yes. We need to fill them out.
* Mahmoud: I'll take care of the docusign and then put them in GitHub

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: October 30th, 2023 tentatively.
* Adjourn
  * Moshe motions to adjourn
  * Karen seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion carries
* Meeting adjourned

