# 2023-07-24 Minutes

## Logistics

Attendance: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe

Meeting started: 19:20

* Meeting approval:
  * Mahmoud motions
  * James seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passed

### Additions to the agenda

* Mahmoud: We're tabling everything non-PyBay
* Karen: Add discussion about the transition messaging.

## PyBay

* Phebe: Current status is that we have a committee -- James, Phebe and some
  other folks.
  * Working on sponsorship prospectus
  * Working on sponsorship tiers
  * 1.5x from last time for tiers
  * There's some interest in teams and bronze levels
  * Phebe will send an e-mail with the sponsorship details
  * James: Running the DEI scholarship sponsorships. Companies will buy DEI tickets,
    and people can apply for them.
  * Phebe: Last year this was a good way to raise money.
  * Mahmoud: How do people apply?
    * James: We'll work on a Google Form.
    * Phebe: We'll share the form with PyLadies and so on.
    * Mahmoud: Will people want the tickets?
    * Phebe: Never had such issues. We should talk to Chris about this.
  * Mahmoud: Who do we send the prospectus to?
    * Phebe: We have the list of sponsors. We'll get a sponsorship team
      to reach out to the sponsors, and if we get interest, we'll work on
      PSF.
    * Mahmoud: What about new sponsors? Maybe ones that speakers work for?
    * Phebe: We'll do that.
  * Phebe: We can also do a sponsored track, as long as it's transparent that it is
    a sponsored talk. We will have a strict policy on this, and we will be clear
    with our sponsors what the policy is.
    * I'd love help with writing the policy.
    * Moshe: I can write a rough draft of the policy.
    * Mahmoud: Pay to play is not a problem if it's clear.
    * Phebe: There's a lot of appetite for that.

* Mahmoud: Do we want to vote on rough guidelines for the policy?    
  * I move that if a talk is sponsored, it's clearly labeled as such.
  * Phebe seconds that.
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe.
  * Mahmoud: We should agree that there are separate channels for sponsored
    talk submissions.

* Karen: We should make a sponsored talk an add-on.
  * Mahmoud: I agree. What happens if a sponsor submits a talk to the regular channel?
  * Moshe: These should be separate channels.
  * James: This means that it needs to be a separate track that happens at the same time.
  * Mahmoud: The wikimedia foundation also has sponsors. The econonmy goes up and down,
    we need to capture some of the money now.
  

* Mahmoud: Where is the responsibility of BAPya and PyBay ctte divide?
  * Phebe: We give the values, PyBay ctte follows them.
* Mahmoud: Do we want to build a money buffer?
  * Moshe: Not sure.
  * James: Last time we had sponsored talks because we had to.
  * Mahmoud: That wasn't a big problem last time.

* Phebe: I got a PEX card!
  
* Phebe: We're still looking for an AV vendor.

* Mahmoud: Where are we with sponsors?
  * Phebe: I have a list of people who are positive. We can't take money right now,
    until we talk to the PSF. We need to also finalize the prospectus.
  * Mahmoud: What's the ETA on actual money?
  * Phebe: Assuming we're using invoicing systems, this can be delayed -- possibly
    even after the conference. They sign a contract, and we trust that we will get
    the money later.
  * Mahmoud: Does the PSF pursue collections?
  * Phebe: Yes.
  * Phebe: I have the contracts from other local Python conferences as a template.
  * Karen: As a fiscal consideration, who gets to review it?
  * Phebe: Yes, I'll send it to the board.
  * Moshe: Yeah, we should approve the contract.
  
* Phebe: The next steps:
  * Updating the website
  * Send the e-mail
  * Work depends on how much we want to do.
  * Mahmoud: This is about updating the dates.
  * Phebe: I haven't done that yet.
  * Karen: I can help with some transition issues.
  * James: I'll do it with Karen.
  * Phebe: call for proposals ASAP
    * Reach out to keynote speakers
    * Karen: Are invited speakers provided anything?
    * Phebe: Historically, we gave a t-shirt.
    
* Phebe: Before we do any promotion we need to have ticket tiers (early bird, late bird, etc.)
  * Mamoud: In terms of spending, what is the budget for promotion?
  * Phebe: We're not spending any money right now. We'll do free social stuff.
  * Mahmoud: Should we advertise?
  * Phebe: We want to wait to make that decision until after early bird sells.
    * We do have the e-mail for people who bought tickets.

* Phebe: My expectation is that our worst case scenario will break even or
  be under $2K-$3K, best case is making $15K.

## Transition messaging

See [privileged document](https://github.com/BAPyA/PrivlegedDocuments/blob/main/2023-07-24-transition.md)

