# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes Date/Time 2023-08-04

## Preliminaries

* Attendance: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * No absences
* Approval of minutes:
  * Moshe: Motion for approve 2023-08-04 minutes
    * Mahmoud seconds
    * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
    * Motion carries
* Additions to agenda
  
## Code of Conduct

* Phebe: CoC is divided into the CoC itself, reporting process and response
  * This is based on PyCascades' CoC
  * Removed transparency report, because it was too much too handle.
  * They are all public for PyCascades
* Moshe: Everyone can see what process the moderators are doing.
* Phebe: We plan to post it on PyBay.com
* Mahmoud: Can we switch away from Twitter and say "social media hashtag"?
* Phebe: Yes
* Moshe: Can Phebe make a PR against the documents and we can vote on it in
  the PR comments?
* Phebe: Yes

## Covid

* James: We would like the board to give feedback on masking policy?
  * There are SF guidelines, which are the minimum.
  * We can require masking.
  * We can require vaccination, but it's hard to define and track.
* Moshe: Seems like the main question is about masking policy?
* Phebe: Every regional Python conference in the US up to now
  required masks and vaccination. If we lower that,
  we will be making a precedent.
  PyBay organization committee wants to reduce those to "recommendations".
* Mahmoud: Enforcing masking policy is hard.
* Moshe: We can have the PyBay organization committee make the decision it.
* Phebe: As part of the ticket sale we want people to agree to the Covid policy
  and CoC.
* Moshe: I want the Covid policy to have a line item about not coming with symptoms and allowing refund (e.g., like North Bay Python).
* Phebe will put the Covid policy in a PR for the documents and we can vote in the
  conduct.

## Transition of PyBay

See
[privileged documents](https://github.com/BAPyA/PrivilegedDocuments/blob/faaa6cc51daffcd22ae103b583f6a06af2e7a5a9/2023-08-21.md)
for details.

## State of PyBay

* Phebe: We had good response for the CfP. Sponsoreships are hitting some
  snags with the PSF for technical stuff.
  * Trying to get the tickets on sale. We need to figure out pricing for the
    student tickets.

## Regular meetings

* Phebe: We still need meetings every two weeks.
  * 2023-09-01 next meeting.
  * Moshe will send invites.

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: 2023-09-01 18:30
* Adjourn:
  * Moshe: Motion to adjourn
  * James seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion carries
* Meeting is adjourned.
