# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes 2023-11-06

## Attendance

* Record attendees: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
* Record absences: No absences
* Vote to approve 2023-09-01 minutes:
  * Moshe motions
  * Karen seconds
  * Aye: Moshe, Mahmoud, Karen, Phebe, James
  * Motion passes, minutes are approved
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
  * Open 2024 organizing committee

## PyBay Retrospective

* Finalized budget
  * Phyllis said they don't do event-specific budget
  * Until then, not officially reconciled:
    * Ticket Net: 20280.00 (246 tickets sold)
    * Sponsor Total: 13000.00
    * Expenses: 30220.77
    * Conference Net: 3,059.23
* What went well
  * Mahmoud: Everyone thought it was a good conference.
  * Karen: "Hallway" track was very effective
  * Moshe: Talks flowed well
  * Mahmoud: I ended up attending both tent. The sponsored talks tent went
    well.
  * Mahmoud: The board didn't manage the organizing committee.
  * James: We made exactly as much money as we wanted too. Not losing money,
    not overcharging the community. We ended up with 10% over, which is perfect.
* What could have been done better
  * Mahmoud: Are we planning on running a service for attendees?
  * Phebe: We did. We have the results.
  * James: The A/V stuff. This place is difficult. They have nothing built in.
    We have to get contractors. We went with Next Day Video over everything
    in person beforehand. It's a lot of wires to route there. Some of the
    video switchers didn't work well. We ended up starting too late.
    There was feedback about the A/V issues from speakers.
    The AWS guy was late, and we didn't have a good plan for dealing with that.
    This caused some issues.
    We should have a clear policy on late speakers.
  * Moshe: Outside is exposed to weather. Too hot in the morning, too cold
    in the evening.
  * Mahmoud: The timing is complicated. We started at noon, which is right
    around lunchtime.
  * Phebe: Outdoor venue increases the set-up time. We barely made it.
  * Karen: Also bad intertalk isolation and noise from planes.
  * Mahmoud: Sunday meant that some food trucks closed early.
  * Mahmoud; We didn't get good social media data because of the tracking
    links. (Credit to Maya for this feedback.)
  * Karen: The announcers didn't know how to pronounce names of speakers
    or sponsors.
* Organizing team retrospective feedback
  * Will be added to the documents repository.
* Lessons learned
  * Phebe: Have the co-chairs lead the project throught the year and have
    clear expectations. Co-chairs should have time and be excited about
    contributing. A co-chair that does not perform their duties should
    be replaced.
  * Phebe: Make sure that we have a clear idea of what the tasks are,
    and putting in an writing.
    We might want to recruit people who are students.
  * Mahmoud: What are the co-chair titles?
  * Mahmoud: Head of Sponsor Outreach.
  * Phebe: There are things which need to be done at different times.
    This is why recruiting for the chair is needed now.
    Whoever is responsible for sponsoreships should go to PyCon US.
  * Karen: Should we have a call for assistants out on the SF Python or other
    places? We want a diversity of experience levels and jobs.
  * James: We should explain what is being delegated.
  * Phebe: I did too much because this wasn't done.
  * Mahmoud: Volunteer outreach, social media, and sponsorships.
  * Moshe: Venue outreach
  * Karen: We should have one chair and then people being delegated to.
  * James: Yes, we should have one chair.
  * Mahmoud: Maybe we can make the tickets cheaper.
* Prepare for Carl retrospective
  * Mahmoud: Make sure to compliment on the quality videos.
    The audio could be normalized up a bit.
    Check YT comments to see if there's any feedback.
    Are we planning to work with Carl again?
  * James: We still have to decide.

## PyBay 2024 timeline

* New organizing committee
  * Phebe: Do we want to do it?
  * Moshe: Yes.
  * Phebe motions: "Is there support to create PyBay 2024 organizing committee?"
  * James seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion carries
  * Phebe: We have a sense of how to go about the chair. I'll write up a
    "job description" for the chair.
  * Mahmoud: Focus on writing all the things that need to happen.
  * Karen: Be clear that Bapya will be overseeing this, and figure out
    how to manage that.
* Rough date range
  * Phebe: Second of half of Sept.
* Lock in date/venue for the conference
 * Phebe: We can get rough holds in a few places.
   We are looking into other venues, including outside
   of SF.
* Announce conference
  * Phebe: We want to announce the conference slightly before PyCon US
* Announce CfP
  * Phebe: Same for CfP
* Announce talks
  * Phebe: End of July/August
* Early-bird/Regular/Late bird
  * Phebe: Not important right now.


## Conflict of interests

* Skipped
* What's pending?

## Medium-term Goals

* Skipped
* Mission
* Vision
* Values
* Strategic plans

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: Online, 2023-12-04
* Adjourn
  * Karen motions to adjourn
  * James seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
