# July 7th, 2023 Board Meeting

Attendees:

* James Abel
* Karen Dilton
* Mahmoud Hashemi
* Moshe Zadka
* Phebe Polk

Abstentees: None

Start time:
19:35
America/Los Angeles

## Preliminary votes

### Approve 2023-04-17 minutes

* Phebe moves to approve
* Moshe seconds
* Aye: Karen, James, Mahmoud, Moshe, Phebe
* Motion carries

### Additions to agenda

* How to have non-public documents
* What actions to take to transition PyBay to BAPya
* Defer 7 and beyond to the next meeting (mission, vision)
* We will agree to stop at 20:45 and table all other items to next agenda

### Vote to approve the agenda

* Mahmouds moves to approve
* James seconds
* Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
* Motion carries

## Business

### Amending bylaws

* Moshe moves to amend the bylaws as per the agenda
* James seconds
* Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
* Motion carries

### Place for articles of incorporation

* Moshe move to make the place for articles and so on in the GitHub organization
  as per the agenda.
* James seconds
* Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe

### Assistant treasurer

* After discussion, agreed to defer this until we can source more people.
* Moshe will approach friends to ask if they are interested.
* Karen draft a common message
* Phebe, Karen, and so on will send messages to meet-up groups sourcing volunteers

### Assistant secretary

* Same as with treasurer

### Budget

* Phebe will send the budget later (around August 1st).
* We are currently solvent.
* We currently have $574 in the temporary account.
* We need to coordinate with the PSF for appropriate transfer of the money
  and control of the appropriate account.
* Phebe and James will fill the PEX form and send it to the PSF
  to get a card for BAPya expenses.
* We have $2500 in the PSF-controlled bank account from donations.
* We will reach out to Pilot.com to ask for a pro-bono account.
  * Moshe will reach out to Pilot friends.
* Phebe will reach out to Phyllis and coordinate with her.
  * Things have been delayed because things at the PSF have been busy.
  * Phebe is hopeful that the meeting will happen this month.

### Pybay

* Phebe: It is probably still possible to have Pybay in 2023.
  * We are trying to accomplish a one-day conference on Octobor 8th.
  * We are not trying to reinvent the wheel.
  * Sponsors are interested in sponsoring Pybay.
  * The main blocker is the risk/reward.
  * Golden Gate University says we can rent out the place for $5000.
  * The problem is that there is no central meeting place,
    and that it is not accessible.
    (BART requires walking, there is a parking garage down the street.)
  * Mission Bay will be `$42,000` for two days.
    * Phebe will share the detailed document, which will be incorporated by reference
      here.
    * We will add a reference to the document from Mission Bay
  * Mission Bay does provide more services.
  * We know how Mission Bay works.
  * The outdoor "food truck" conference space: around `$16,000`
    * Phebe will share the detailed docuemnt, which will be incorporated by reference.
  * How many tickets do we need to break even?
    * Average price for tickets `$150`.
    * 100 tickets for the food truck space (Max 300)
    * 50 tickets for GGU (Max 500)
    * 300 tickets Mission Bay (Max 500)
    * Logistics for food is simpler for food truck space.
* James: poll results for people's preferences
  * UCSF/Mission Bay-- 22
  * Park lab -- 19
  * No preference -- 13
  * Online only -- 1
* Moshe: the food truck space is a better worst case scenario.
* James: Our goal is to get to a point where we have a buffer for a conference.
* Phebe: The food truck space can handle the logistics and they allow us to pay
  the full price only after the conference.
* James: We have had good feedback about the food trucks.

Where do we want to do this?

* Phebe suggests doing the conference in the food trucks.
* Moshes moves to approve to start organizing the conference in Park Lab
* Mahmoud seconds
* Aye: James, Mahmoud, Karen, Phebe, Moshe
* Motion carries

* James: we need to start deciding how to allocate work.
* Moshe: Let's do this next time or online.

### Sensitive documents

* Mahmoud suggests a private repository
* Moshe suggests a link from the minutes.
* Mahmoud suggests using GitHub discussions.
* Mahmoud motions to use GitHub private repository for discussions and
  privileged documents.
* James seconds.
* Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe

### Other items

See details at
`<TBD>`.

### Mission, vision, values

Deferred

### Strategic plan

Deferred

### Fund the organization

Deferred

### Goals and metrics

Deferred

## Adjournment

* Mahmoud moves to adjourn
* Moshe seconds.
* Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
