## BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes Date/Time 2023-08-04

### Attendance

* Attendance: Karen, Moshe, James, Mahmoud, Phebe
* No absences
* Approval of minutes:
  * Moshe: Motion to approve
    * Karen seconds
    * Yes: Karen, Moshe, James, Mahmoud, Phebe
    * No objections
    * Motion carries
* Additions to agenda
  * Sponsorship plan
  
### PyBay

### Sponsored talk policy update

* We have voted online, approved, and merged.

### Financial talk policy 

* James: Some of our speakers, especially invited ones, do not want to
  pay out of pocket. Talked to Phebe, and came up with a proposal:
  ```
  PyBay will reimburse reasonable and customary travel expenses for featured   
  speakers via a travel grant. If you will be submitting travel expenses for 
  reimbursement please submit your grant request with estimated costs to PyBay. If 
  you are relying on PyBay to reimburse your travel please ensure your grant is 
  approved prior to making travel arrangements.
  ```
  I want to be more specific than other conferences.
  The motivation is to bring in "name" people to help sell people.
  * Mahmoud: Is it just for travel or also hotels?
  * James: I consider hotel as part of travel, we can be explicit that it
    includes lodging.
  * Moshe: Who is approving the budget? What is the policy on our side?
  * James: Whoever we decide approves. The question we need to decide is who
    is the featured speaker. My default answer is that the board approves it.
    Or we can have a subcommittee.
  * Karen: One of the things we should consider before discussing this is how
    much money we want to allocate to this, before we say yay or nay to things.
    This might be more than we can afford. Maybe we can have a separate
    subcommittee. How do we let people they can apply for this?
  * Moshe: I would like the board to approve total travel reimbursement and let
    the PyBay committee allocate it between the speakers as they try to optimize
    the speakers.
  * James: It's going to take some judgement.
    It's hard to know how much we're doing.
    We can't wait for final decisions.
    We need to give people answers quickly.
  * Moshe: We can add to that bucket.
  * Karen: I like the idea of moving the bucket forward. In term of the immediate
    request, I think it would be worthwhile to ask some of the potential speakers
    and be explicit that the policy is still in progress, and see how much
    they would need. We can also ask about partial reimbursement.
  * Phebe: We do not have a lot of spare resources right now.
    We will need to reach out to featured speakers and see who is interested.
    We could put $1K in the bucket and be ok.
    I'm not sure about whether this is worth it or digging us further in the hall.
  * James: There's not a lot of people who would be traveling from outside that
    we would like to feature.
    I want to get back to some people.
    I would like to approve travel at least from the Pacific Northwest.
  * Phebe: Travel from PNW is equivalent to "hobbyist" tickets to cover a speaker.
    The question is whether we believe that this person is going to sell five
    tickets?
  * Moshe: Is this five per person?
  * Karen: If there's a fixed amount, we might push someone to get a better     
    flight.
  * James: This is one of the reasons I wanted people to submit a grant ahead
    of time. People know how to be econmical.
  * Moshe: I'm ok allocating $1K to this, and agree that the details of who
    and how to give the money to is up to the PyBay committee.
  * James: If we do it by money, `$1K` is not enough. Up to `$3K` would be good.
  * Phebe: `$3K` is a lot of money. We have to bet on our ticket sales.
  * Karen: `$3K` is a bit of a danger because we don't have anything set aside.
    Projected revenue is `$10K`.
  * Phebe: If we don't get any sponsorships and minimal tickets,
    we are `$100` in the red.
    We don't know how many sponsors we will get.
    If we sell a lot of of corporate tickets,
    we might have a bit more money to allocate.
    We are depending on ticket sales to cover the cost of the conference.
  * James: The speakers are to get the ticket sales?
  * Phebe: `$3K` is the absolute maximum we can spend on it.
  * Karen: Is this something that we would have to run by the PSF?
  * Phebe: Partially. This is based on PSF's information running PyCon.
  * Karen: What if we phrased it as a "modest travel reimbursement"?
  * Moshe: I'm not sure the language matters as much as the cap.
  * Phebe: Let's do `$1,500`. That would be enough to reimburse for either
    hotel or flight for three people.
  * Karen: We probably need to do it, for both ticket sales and sponsorships.
    We do need to set a limit.
  * Phebe: If our sponsors give us enough, we can do more.
  * Karen: Why don't we allocate `$1500` and see if we can do more later?
  * Karen: I make a motion to approve `$1500` travel fund to be allocated
    by the PyBay organizing committee to speakers.
    * Moshe: Second
    * Phebe, Karen, Moshe, Mahmoud, James
    * Motion passes
  * James: The board did not think they have to approve the policy or statement.

###  PyBay transition

* Privileged minutes

### PyBay volunteering

* Karen: I'm not sure this would be final version,
  we might want to focus more on PyBay for now.
  Maybe it would be better for the PyBay organizing committee
  to send that?
* Phebe: This is appreciated, but this is not urgent right now.
* Karen: I committed to it, so wanted to bring the draft to the meeting.
* Phebe: Right now we need to focus on speaking submissions and ticket sales.
  I don't want to muddy the focus. Day-of volunteers is step 3 or 4,
  we are now step 1 or 2.
  We do need people for the program committee by end of August.
  Our first communications about the conference should be about speaking
  and tickets, and after that we need to communicate more on tickets,
  and we will only focus on PC recruiting after that.
* James: As far as PC, we'll be invited?
* Moshe: We can open applications to PC, and have some criteria.
* Karen: So that's two different options.
* Phebe: This is not the biggest problem.
* Moshe: I'll put it in the agenda for the next meeting. I'll come up with
  a proposal for next meeting.

### Sponsorship plan

* Mahmoud: The sponsorship plan is in the privileged docs repo.
  What does `Gold (2)` mean?
  * Phebe: We only have two available.

### University outreach

* Mahmoud: Do we have a history of reaching out to UC Santa Cruz or SJCU
  for speaker submissions?
* Phebe: We want to do that. We have student-priced tickets.
* Mahmoud: When will we have tickets for sale?
* Phebe: I'm working on setting it up. I'm working with PSF accounting
  before publishing it.
* Karen: For the CFP can we have a graphic we can put in a post on LinkedIn?
* Phebe: We have a platform for editing the graphics with access to the historical
  ones?

### Advertising

* Phebe: Motion to spend `$500` on advertising to be allocated by PyBay organizing 
  committee.
  * Karen second
  * Mahmoud: Clarification: what are we advertising for?
  * Moshe: That should be up to the committee.
  * Aye: Moshe, Karen, James, Phebe, Mahmoud
  * Motion carries

### Adjournment

* Next meeting time: 2023-08-18
  * 6:30pm in person.
* Adjourn:
  * Moshe: Motion to adjourn
  * Karen seconds
  * Moshe, James, Mahmoud, Phebe, Karen
  * Motion carries
* Meeting is adjourned.
