# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes Date/Time 2024-02-26

## Attendance

* Record attendees: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
* Record absences: None
* Vote to approve 2024-01-15 minutes:
  * Moshe: Motion
  * Karen: Second
  * Aye: James, Mahmoud, Karen, Moshe, Phebe
  * Motion carries
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
* Mahmoud: Action items from last time
  * Mission/vision
  * Job description for PyBay chair
  * Sponsor lead generation
  * Vote on officers
  * Elect someone for Moshe's outgoing position on the board
* Vote to approve agenda

## Board position vote

* Moshe's term on the board is ending
* We need to elect a replacement
* Phebe: Nominates Moshe
* Karen: Second
* Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
* Motion carries, Moshe is voted for a two year term.

## Vote on officers

* Secretary:
  * Moshe: I nominate myself
  * Mahmoud: Seconds
  * Aye: Mahmoud, James, Phebe, Moshe, Karen
  * Motion carries, Moshe is voted as secretary
* Director:
  * Mahmoud: What has it involved?
  * James: Nothing out of the ordinary.
  * Phebe: It's a lot of decision making, being the final decision maker.
  * James: I am there for others.
  * Phebe: Stuff like how much I can put down a deposit, or approving misc. expenses.
    * For example, paying for GSuite.
  * James: I can keep doing it.
  * James: I nominate myself for director
  * Moshe: I second
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion carries, James is voted as director 
* Treasurer:
  * Phebe: A lot of the money goes through the PSF, so it's less work.
    * It's just taking the receipts and putting them in the Brex card.
    * We also put the statements on the website.
  * Mahmoud: Can we document the process?
  * Mahmoud: Nominated Phebe
  * Phebe: seconding
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion carries, Phebe is voted as treasurer.

## Job description for PyBay chair

* Phebe: We don't have a draft yet.
* Mahmoud: Table it for next meeting or offline
  * We need a chair by March
* Karen: I still don't have the GSheet yet

## Sponsor lead generation

* Mahmoud: I have a GSheet. Which e-mails should I share it to?
* Phebe: My BaPya e-mail. Can I move the ownership?
* Mahmoud: Yes
* Moshe: Let's e-mail Mahmoud or add to the spreadsheet

## Mission/Vision

* Mahmoud: I suggest "Ensure inclusive and sustainable Python communities in the Bay Area through local meetups and a volunteer-run regional conference. BAPyA communities engage and elevate members through volunteering, speaking, and learning opportunities that inspire collaboration, growth, and technical excellence."
* Karen: Do we want to separate it from what we are? Can we start with "The BAPya works to ensure" and so on.
* Moshe: So consolidating: "The Bay Area Python Association (BAPyA) works to ensure inclusive and sustainable Python communities in the Bay Area through local meetups and a volunteer-run regional conference. BAPyA communities engage and elevate members through volunteering, speaking, and learning opportunities that inspire collaboration, growth, and technical excellence."
* Moshe: I move to vote making this the mission/vision statement.
* Karen: Second.
* Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
* The motion carries, this will be the official mission/vision statement of BAPyA.
* Mahmoud: We should talk more about values.

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: 2024-03-25
* Adjourn:
  * Moshe: I motion to adjourn
  * James: Second
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion carries


