# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes 2024-01-15

## Attendance

* Record attendees: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
* Record absences: None
* Vote to approve 2023-11-06 minutes:
  * Mahmoud motions
  * Karen seconds
  * For: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motions passes
* Ask for any additions to the agenda: None

## PyBay 2024 timeline

* Phebe: Second half of September for the event.
  * Ticket sales until date-of or two weeks
  * Month before to approve speakers: End of July
  * Two weeks to a month to choose speakers: Start of July
  * Karen: For ticket sales, we need some of the speakers confirmed.
  * Phebe: That's the difference between early bird tickets and regular tickets.
  * Phebe: CFP goes out start of May. We can use the same system for tickets.
  * Phebe: Not sure if we're still using sessionize or pretalx. Pretalx doesn't have embeddings.
  * Phebe: Sponsor recruiting, choosing a chair starts, and a venue. We need a chair by March.
  * Karen: The chair will take most of the work. Have we mapped out what we need so we can share something with
           prospects?
  * Mahmoud: Like a JD.
  * Phebe: It's basically an 8 month volunteer commitment.
  * Mahmoud: A month might be on the long side for deliberation.
  * Phebe: Yes, but it's good if we can have acceptances earlier.
  * Mahmoud: With the venue, it's a strategic budget question. It should not be up to the chair.
  * Phebe: Yes, the venue and chair are board decisions.
  * Mahmoud: What about vendors?
  * Phebe: Final approval by the board.
  * Moshe: The chair should do most of the legwork here.
  * Karen: What if it's a paid position?
  * Moshe: I don't think we can afford it.
* Moshe: Choosing a venue seems like we can start now.
* Phebe: We started looking for places. Maybe we can talk with hotels.
* Moshe: This might be a problem because we're mostly a local conference.
* James: How are we going to look for a chair and a venue?
* Moshe: Can anyone commit to ask quotes etc.?
* Mahmoud: We have a few people we talked to. I can take care of it.
* Phebe: Not sure how we can look for a chair.
* Mahmoud: Is the chair someone already in the community?
* Mahmoud: Let's collaborate on a list of people in a GDoc.
* Karen: Yes, we need to make a list of prospects. I'll start the GDoc.
* Mahmoud: Can Phebe make the JD into a draft?
* Phebe: Yes, it's leading the meetings, scheduling the meetings, triaging, and being a role model for the community.
  * Nice to have if it's someone who goes to PyCon US
  * Day of commitment is to give opening and closing talks, and then post conference to finalize.
  * Mahmoud: It's a good start. We need to decide how we would evaluate candidate.
    * Sponsor recruiting at PyCon is good. Maybe we can look into sponsoring a talk.
* Phebe: Deepset.ai asked about sponsorship.
* Mahmoud: We should ask Anaconda.
* Phebe: Yes, and Bloomberg.
* Mahmoud: Let's do a sponsor leads to GDoc. I'll start it.
* Phebe: I can commit to starting a collaboration on a JD and evaluation criteria.
  * Mahmoud: It will be good to have a clear idea of hours/week.
* James: Will it be inbound or outbound?
* Mahmoud: We should be outbound.
* James: We can also ask for trusted people for recommendations, and be careful in our outreach.
  * I'll draft the initial version of that.
* Mahmoud: What was the final decision coming out of the A/V post-mortem?
  * Phebe: We need to make sure to communicate with vendors early.
* Phebe: There's also the website.
  * Moshe: I can try to help.

## Conflict of interests

* Phebe: We need to send them out and fill them out.
  * Let's table it for now.

## Medium-term Goals

* Phebe: Let's talk about mission and vision.
* Mahmoud: Are there organizations we can use as a guideline?
* Phebe: We should reference the PSF?
* Mahmoud: What about local stuff?
* Phebe: PyCon UK and PyTexas
* Mahmoud: Can someone be responsible for starting a collaboration and reference stuff from others?
* Phebe: Mission is the broad all-encompassing. Vision is the world we're trying to make.
         Values are the means to accomplish that. These help inform the process. For example,
         for the chair, we want to think about what kind of person we want based on the values.
         If we aren't clear about our values are that's harder.
* Mahmoud: The important thing is to state our values. These can be passed on and used as decision tie-breakers.
* Phebe: Vision-wise, what do people think is important? The mission might be a bit too broad.
* Mahmoud: Would it make sense for each person to write their own version?
  * Moshe: Have a sustainable community for Python in the bay area. This means a healthy process of onboarding and offboarding volunteers for organizing meetups, PyBay, and any other activities.
    * Phebe: I agree this is something we need to work on. We have done a decent job.
  * Mahmoud: Build a robust python community in silicon valley  with consistent, regular meetups, anchored by an annual volunteer-run conference, where friends and colleagues, old and new, can meet and inspire each other to excel in Python-adjacent work.
  * James: Build a community for the promotion of Python in the Bay Area. Enable learning, inclusion, inspiration, and networking.
    * Mahmoud: I agree with all of this. I'm not sure it's concrete enough.
    * James: I agree, we can add "through meetups and conferences".
  * Phebe: Whether you are brand new, changing jobs or learning a new technology, there is a place for you to ask questions, find community and try new things free from deadlines, incentives and review. Lowering the activation energy to joining the python world.
    * Phebe: This is a nice benefit of Python over some other technologies.
    * Mahmoud: I came to the Python community for the community from PHP.
    * James: I wanted to put a website together, and the Python meetup's strength was why I chose Python as a language.     * Mahmoud: These are great things to put in the mission.
  * Karen: Support and grow a collaborative, inclusive, and enthusiastic Python community, from beginner to expert, in the Silicon Valley through local meetings (Meetups) and an annual conference.
    * Mahmoud: I agree. A lot of this is about the "third space", much like in Phebe's vision.
* Mahmoud: I can write it and synthesize. 

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: 
* Adjourn

