# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes 2024-08-26

## Attendance

* Record attendees: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
* Record absences: None
* Vote to approve 2024-07-15 minutes
  * Phebe seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
  * Lu.ma
  * Meetup corner
* Vote to approve agenda
  * Karen motions
  * Mahmoud seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes

## Meeting

### Lu.ma

* Mahmoud: Community event planning platform. You have to manually submit to the promotion queue.
  * Made one for PyBay, attendee friendly, very polished.
* James: We used it to promote an SF Python meetup, it was popular.
* Mahmoud: In the Bay and NYC, a lot of people use it. I suggest creating events on Luma in parallel.
  * They give you the e-mails.
* James: Should we transition or evaluate?
* Mahmoud: Evaluate. You don't get automatic promotion -- you can only promote after having some attendees.
  * We don't need to pay (right now). It's an active community.
* James: We already use tito?
* Mahmoud: Can we use Lu.ma instead of tito?
* Phebe: It's an alternative to the "donate" link. It lets us get e-mails. At best, meetup gives us a partial list.
  * We also use tito for check-ins.
* James: Attendees have to sign up in meetup, tito, and the company-specific system.
* Phebe: We use meetup for discoverability.
* James: We barely care if people register with meetup.
* Phebe: If Lu.ma can do discovery and payment, that's great.
* Mahmoud: I think until then we can create parallel events (at least for the meetups).
  * Long term, we might want to explore ticketing for pybay.
  * Phebe: Not yet.
  * Mahmoud: Can we document our requirements so we can evaluate vendors?
  * Phebe: Yes, currently we're using pretix.
* James: It's good if we talk with lu.ma about their road map.
* Mahmoud: I like that they think of it from a community management perspective.
* Phebe: We haven't had a lot of success with social-centric things.
* Mahmoud: Meetup was good once. Lu.ma hopefully can be good for that too.
* Phebe: We've been early adopters of many things.
* Mahmoud: For now, maybe we can create native events in parallel. Then we can see if it's worth it.
* Karen: If we did switch, we could make some centralized stuff to connect to multiple systems.
* Mahmoud: All BAPyA events are around 20 per year. We have a lot of members.
* Phebe: Let's revisit this later.
* Mahmoud: Two months?

### PyBay updates

* Phebe: Victory lap! 100% break even!
  * All: woohoo!
* Phebe: Okta silver sponsorship (still verbal) and selling tickets put us over the line.
  * $16K from ticket sales: around 40 high-priced tickets!
  * We don't have a lot of attendees.
* Karen: Should we create a discount codes?
* Phebe: Chris and the marketing team are thinking about doing a deal on t-shirts.
* Mahmoud: Intel were not interested in sponsoring.
* Phebe: We're good for money, we want higher attendance. There's a month to go!
  * We're rolling out friends/family for speakers
  * We're talking to RealPython
  * We're rolling out student tickets, we'll reach out to students
  * We're looking into PyLadies promotion
  * Scholarships have already been handed out (20 tickets' worth)
* Mahmoud: What about discount code?
  * Phebe: Time-bound discount codes. I'll talk to Chris.
* Phebe: Re: volunteers
  * We are selecting volunteers. We are reaching out to people who we know are good.
  * We are looking for 25 volunteers (experienced).
* Mahmoud: We're talking to NumFocus.
  * Phebe: We can give them table space in the atrium with the community partners.

### Meetup corner

* Karen: BayPiggies: we're meeting in SAP labs tomorrow in Palo Alto. We have to freeze the list.
  * We might have to do a Google Form for SAP.
  * We have five speakers!
  * We got some interest in speaking next time.
  * We're meeting in a nice space!
  * Mahmoud: The way Pyninsula solved the e-mail thing is to ask it on the sign-up form in meetup.com
* Mahmoud: Pyninsula is planning a meetup in Snowflake (San Mateo). Still talking about dates.
  * We're ok on speakers.
* James: SF Python had a good one at GitHub.
  * Phebe: I want to dig into our attendee numbers and analyze trends.
  * James: Getting the speakers was a struggle. Announcements got out late. No big "names" to pull people.
  * Next one is at Sentry. It's a good location. It's in October. We have Yuri.
  * For November we have Pamela Fox speaking and a project night! That'll be at GitHub.

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: November 4th, 2024
* Adjourn:
  * Karen motions
  * Mahmoud seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes
  

