# BAPyA Board Meeting Agenda 2024-05-10
## Attendance

* Record attendees: James, Karen, Mahmoud, Phebe, Moshe
* Record absences: None
* Vote to approve 2024-02-26 minutes:
  * Karen motions to approve
  * James seconds
  * Aye: James, Karen, Mahmoud, Phebe, Moshe
  * Motion carries
* Ask for any additions to the agenda:
  * Update on PyBay
    * Chair
    * Domain chairs
    * Location
    * Food
    * Sponsors
    * Staff/Volunteers
    * Speakers
    * Website
  * Non-tito payments for meetup
* Vote to approve agenda:
  * James motion to approve
  * Karen seconds
  * Aye: James, Karen, Mahmoud, Phebe, Moshe
  * Motion passes
 
## PyBay

### Chair

* Phebe: Chris is the chair.
  * Mahmoud: Who talked to him?
  * Phebe: Yes. Karen and I talked to him. He's recruiting the organizing committee right now.
    * We're using Signal to communicate.
    * Mahmoud: How is the recruiting?
    * Phebe: We have sponsorship (Swetha), logistics (Slava), and we hope to get Maya for Marketing.
    * Mahmoud: I'll ask Maya.
    * Phebe: We're also looking into other people.
    * Karen: Do we want to look into college students who are learning marketing and want something for their resume?
    * Phebe: We need people for that sooner rather than later. I'm hoping to get the early bird tickets up ASAP.
      * I'm focused on the technical problems.
    * James: Is Chris in charge of finding domain chairs?
    * Phebe: Yes, we are helping Chris to find them.
  * Mahmoud: What will be the channel to communicate with the PyBay chair?
  * Karen: I suggest that we have a regular checkin meeting.
  * Moshe: Should we have a BAPyA discord channel?
  * Phebe: I will not set it up.
  * Moshe: I'll set it up with Mahmoud. A channel for the board and a channel for PyBay, etc.
  * Karen motions to have BaypA discord server
    * Mahmoud seconds
    * Phebe abstains
    * Aye: James, Karen, Moshe, Mahmoud
    * Motion passes
  * Phebe motions to vote for Chris as PyBay chair.
    * Karen seconds
    * Aye: James, Karen, Mahmoud, Phebe, Moshe
    * Motion passes
  * James: Is Chris having meetings?
  * Phebe: Yes, we'll add you to them.

### Domain chairs

* Phebe: We need a volunteer chair.
  * That's it other than the logistics, sponsorship, and marketing.
  * Chris is doing the selection
 
### Location

* Phebe: I sent the contract for Mission Bay.
* Mohse: I'm in favor of Mission Bay.
* Phebe: We're doing two rooms, the central area, and the AV.
* Mahmoud: We'll still need someone to record.
* Mahmoud: Can we offer booth to sponsors?
* Phebe: Yes.
* Phebe motions to use Mission Bay for PyBay
  * Mahmoud seconds
  * Aye: James, Karen, Mahmoud, Phebe, Moshe
  * Motion passes

### Food

* Phebe: They have approved caterers. We're let the logistics chair do the legwork.

### Sponsors

* Mahmoud: We need to get the prospectus and then hit the pavement.
* Phebe: We have a first draft of the prospectus.
* Mahmoud: I can review and make suggestions.
* Phebe: I want to make sure we can finalize this weekend.
  * We should set up a meeting between us, conference chair, and sponsorship
  * We have two different timelines: our activity and the cold calling
 
### PyBay Staff/Volunteers

* Karen: Who's doing MC?
  * We had pronounciation issues.
  * Moshe: We should have guidance for that which is generally good.
  * Mahmoud: Can we have a practice session?
  * Moshe: Yes, and we can reach out to the speakers and ask for pronounciation and intros
  * James: We need to figure out what is our plan for problems.
    
### Speakers

* James: We need to have processes for speakers who are late or don't show
* Phebe: We are working on writing that. Also, look at the sessionize draft.
* Moshe: we need a standard operating procedure.

### Website

* Phebe: We have PyBay.org up. The basics are covered (date, location, sponsor page, code of conduct).
  * Health and safety needs to be updated. (Should be hidden until it's finalized.)
  * Tickets is still a draft, until we finalize ticket prices.
  * Mahmoud: We should run dates by Chris
  * Phebe: When you search for PyBay, it doesn't show up. We were delisted by Google. We reached out and haven't heard back. We'll redirect from the existing server to PyBay.org
  * Karen: It might not be SEOd.
  * Phebe: I'm working on it.
  * Phebe: I'll work with Wix to take over the pybay16 site.
* Phebe: The mobile situation needs to be improved.
* Karen: I can help with responsiveness
* Phebe: It's using GitHub pages 

## Non-tito payments

* Karen: For BayPiggies, we are smaller and have trouble getting hosts. We want to be able to donate to PSF in a way that marks it as coming from BAPyA. Is there a problem donating through meetup? This will make it more available.
* Phebe: We need to get approval from Phyllis. We need to talk to Phyllis to see what other alternatives we can look into.

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: June 17th, 2024.
* Adjourn:
  * Mahmoud motions to adjourn
  * Karen seconds
  * Aye: James, Karen, Mahmoud, Phebe, Moshe


