# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes 2024-11-18

## Attendance

* Record attendees: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
* Record absences: None
* Vote to approve 2024-08-26 minutes
  * Mahmoud seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes, minutes approved
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
* Vote to approve agenda
  * Mahmoud motions
  * James seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes, agenda approved

## Meeting

### Emergency contacts

* Moshe: We will put names of emergency contacts for each member of the board and a way to reach out to them in the
  "privilegeddocuments" repository on github.

### CoC updates

* Phebe: We are thinking of adding a "no retaliatory complaints" clause to the Code of Conduct, because of an incident.
  * Moshe: More details in the privilegeddocuments repository.
* Karen: The problem with such a clause is that there are situations where there is a mutual cause for complaints,
  such as mutual rude comments between two people.
* James: People can file complaint. The ctte can decide complaints have no merit.
* Karen: We can tell people to file a complaint, and the ctte can decide that there should be no consequences.
* Phebe: It doesn't seem like we need to update the CoC.
* Phebe: The other thing I want to discuss is what constitutes harassment of the organizers.
* Mahmoud: It's a judgement call.
* Karen: We can warn if we think it makes sense, or we can immediately give consequences, depending on circumstances.
* Phebe: Does the CoC apply outside PyBay itself?
* Moshe: It should.
* Phebe: We already have language about forums related to PyBay
* Mahmoud: Should we have the CoC by BAPyA-wide?
* Moshe: The ctte can be in charge with BAPyA?
* Mahmoud: Maybe the ctte can give recommendations to the meetup.
* Moshe: Can the ctte decide that consequences are to make a recommendation to the board?
* Mahmoud: Yes, this helps us protect other attendees.
* Karen: As a woman in tech, I want to create a welcoming atmosphere.
* Moshe: We can definitely ban someone from BAPyA events based on a different BAPyA event, or even general conference behavior.
 
### Board elections

#### Logistics

* James: It's coming up.
* Phebe: Who's up?
  * We forgot to revote for Karen's renewal.
* James: Previously it was just us discussing. We want to open up nominations.
* Phebe: The two positions up for re-elections are James' and Mahmoud's
* Moshe: I motion to vote Karen for her position retroactively for the last year, and for the upcoming year
  as though we had voted then.
  * Phebe seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Abstain: Karen
  * The motion passes
* James: We want to allow anyone to nominate. How do we do it?
* Moshe: We can set up a Google Form
* James: Who nominates?
* Moshe: How about self-nominations only.
* James: We probably will get few people.
* Mahmoud: I think that I'm ok with not having another term.
* Moshe: The deadline for nominations will be February.
* Mahmoud: Should we also vote for the offices?
* Phebe: The board will.
* Moshe motions to create a Google self-nomination form and modify the website with a link
  * Phebe seconds
  * Ayes: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes, the board will work on to create this.

#### PSF requirements

* Moshe: There are none.

### Reconstitute PyBay committee for 2025

* Phebe: motion to do so
  * Moshe seconds
  * Ayes: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes
* Mahmoud: Do we need to anything that's not already been done?
* Phebe: Assign a chair. The chair does all other logistics.

#### Vote on chair

* Phebe: Motion for Chris B. to be chair again
  * James seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes, the PyBay chair remains the same in 2025

### Meetup updates

* Mahmoud: Pyninsula had a meetup at Snowflake. It was fine. Sadly, they no longer have a Python team.
  We are not managing to get in touch with them. We are also having problems getting the video from the Meta meetup.
  There are new community members, people are looking for jobs. We need to keep looking for venues and speakers.
  No more meetups are planned for 2024.
  * Phebe: We hope to have another meetup in Guardant in 2025.
* Karen: BayPiggies will be in SAP labs in January. We wanted November, but we didn't get a chance to finish everything.
  SAP has a great space, but the connection with them is weird so it's non-trivial to find a repeated host.
* James: SF Python had a Pallets mini-sprint/project night. It wasn't well attend (40), but we had great tutorials.
  It was cold and raining. We had the intro, the development sessions, and office hours.
  * The "beginner session" was well attended relatively. People showed up to ask questions. People asked performance, dev env,
    and more.
  * Phebe: Pamela F. led it on behalf of Pallets.
  * James: Next one is in January. Putting the speakers together.
  * Phebe: We don't have the capacity to organize a holiday party.
  * James: We need to have a working session for PyBay 2025 volunteers.
* Karen: We still want a shared speaker pipeline system. It would be great if some volunteers could do outreach and source
  speaker leads.
  * Phebe: Great idea, this allows people to break into the industry.

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: 205-01-06
* Adjourn:
  * Moshe motions to adjourn
  * Phebe seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes, meeting is adjourned

