# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes 2024-07-15

## Attendance

* Record attendees: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
* Record absences: None
* Vote to approve 2024-06-17 minutes:
  * Phebe motions
  * James seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
* Vote to approve agenda:
  * Mahmoud motions
  * Phebe seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes

## Photo policy

* Phebe: We need to write a photo policy. We have the one from PyCon US.
  https://policies.python.org/us.pycon.org/Privacy-Policy/
  * CLS/CES is going to be on site. They have a clause for rights to photographs.
  * We might need some disclosure. We want to add a lanyard/dot on badges
    regarding photographs.
  * We want an opt-in policy.
  * Moshe: Is it easy to adopt?
  * Mahmoud: We'd need to remove pictures of people with the wrong lanyard.
  * Moshe: We can have a policy that you can have a picture with people either unrecognizable or with an opt-in lanyard.
  * Mahmoud: We have to make sure we remember.
* Phebe: We should agree on the basic framework.
* Mahmoud: We can limit the policy to recognizable people and have the "best effort" language.
* James: We should put in a best effort, because it's hard to guarantee.
* Phebe: Last year I overbought lanyards.
* Karen: I will write the policy.

## Health policy

* Phebe: Good job. I motion to approve the current policy.
  * Karen: Should we mention a date of the last revision?
  * Phebe: We currently have a year.
  * Mahmoud: We can add a last update date.
  * Moshe motions to approve with the provision that a last updated date will be added
  * Karen seconds
  * Aye: Phebe, James, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes

## Sponsored talk policy

* Phebe: We have last year's sponsored talk policy.
* Phebe motions to adopt it as is
* James seconds
* Aye: Karen, Phebe, Mahmoud, James, Moshe

## Room bookings

* Phebe: Good news! We should have $30K, so we are comfortable paying the deposit
  for all the rooms.

## Marketing update

* Mahmoud: Last time we approved a grant. We got someone for $800. We gave them
  the drive and canva. Currently the posts are going through Chris and Darlene,
  and it's not being promoted. There seems to be a bottleneck.
* Karen: If it's a bottleneck, we should encourage people to not keep such tight
  reigns.
* Mahmoud: I'll join next PyBay call and make sure it's happening.
* Phebe: What about the plan?
* Mahmoud: Buffer can't push promotional material.
* Mahmoud: Regarding the raw materials -- which photos can we use for promotion. We should be able to use speaker photos + back of head.
* Phebe: We have the pictures in a drive. We can talk to Chris.

## General updates

* Phebe: We found a logisitics and a volunteer chair.

## Meetup checkin

* Karen: It's hard to find speakers/locations in BayPiggies. Could we join the
  speaker pipeline for SF Python/Pyninsula?
* Mahmoud: Is the need pressing?
* Karen: Pretty pressing, not an emergency.
* Moshe: Happy to have one consolidated pipeline.
* James: We have the Google Sheet that we inherited.
* Mahmoud: Pyninsula on the 30th
  * Only one speaker locked
  * Two we reached out to.
  * Someone from meta.
* James: We had a good meeting, thanks to all the volunteers and Phebe!
  Next time at GitHub.

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: 2024-08-26
* Adjourn:
  * Mahmoud motions
  * Karen seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes.
