# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes 2025-01-27

## Attendance

* Record attendees: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
* Record absences: None
* Vote to approve 2024-11-18 minutes:
  * Phebe: Motion
  * James: Second
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes, minutes approved
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
  * Phebe: CoC for PyBay
  * Mahmoud: PyBay 2025 updates
  * Karen: Speaker pipeline
  * Karen: What do we do if someone in the community becomes a problem?
* Vote to approve agenda
  * Motion James
  * Mahmoud seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes, agenda approved

## Meeting

### PyBay 2025 updates

* Mahmoud: Chris has been voted as chair
* Phebe: He's been doing a great job, we submitted PSF grant docs, we have people
  for logistics, sponsors, vice-chair, marketing. We haven't had an official meeting.
  It's a pretty strong group. It's been ad-hoc as needed.
* Mahmoud: I saw sponsorship discussion kick in.
* Phebe: We've talked to a bunch of people in different companies. There might be
  bad market conditions for sponsorships, so we need to put in special effort.
* Mahmoud: Are we doing anything to increase attendance?
* Phebe: We're not there yet. We are focusing on booking the location: Mission Bay,
  Oct 18.
* Mahmoud: Do we like the venue?
* Phebe: We didn't talk about switching venues, we were hoping to keep the same venue.
* Karen: People liked it.
* Karen: Can we fund travel for speakers?
* Phebe: If Chris can raise enough money from sponsorships.
* James: We didn't have any reimbursements last year?
* Phebe: Not really, but we hope to be able to fund some this year.
* Karen: That will enable some speakers.

### CoC for PyBay

In Privileged documents repository.

### Handling problematic members of the community

In Privileged documents repository.

### Speaker pipeline

* Karen: I'll make a Google Form so that we can have a common form for all
  meetup groups.
* Mahmoud: We can make the meetups be checkboxes.
* Mahmoud: The Pyninsula one doesn't have a date.
* Karen: I'd like people to be able to register generic interest.
* Moshe: We can make dates be a free form text box
* Karen: I'll make a draft and share
* Mahmoud: I can explain how to get notifications: you put something on the GSpreadsheet.

### Review the 2025 board election

* James: We had a few action items
* Phebe: We were supposed to ask for nominees, we had little interest.
* Mahmoud: I'm going to nominate Chris.
* Moshe: What about Darlene?
* James: We told people they would have a form that they can nominate.
  * We are behind.
* Phebe: We'll have the form up, we'll have nominations, and we'll vote in the next meeting.
* Moshe: We can decide whenever we want.
* Karen: I can make it.
* James: I'll make the website update and the e-mail blast.
* James: We should have it ready by the 12th
* Phebe: If it's possible before the 29th, that'll be perfect.

### Meetup updates

* James: SF Python went well, we had good speakers, AI use, bias, first time speaker,
  and internals.
  * Phebe: Sentry is looking to host this year, we have locations for all year.
  * Karen: This is impressive.
  * Phebe: It's a different environment in SF.
  * James: There are a lot of factors. The places we hit up are developer focused.
  * Karen: So the best way is to seek out companies that try to sell.
  * James: There are also useful educational places.
* Mahmoud: Nothing scheduled for Pyninsula.
  * Phebe: How are the new Pyninsula organizers doing?
  * Mahmoud: I'll ping them. We'll hopefully host at Meta again. We've been struggling
    getting the recordings.
  * Phebe: How do you upload the recordings?
  * Mahmoud: I split them up with a command line, and put in work in putting the
    metadata. I'm happpy to share the process.


## Adjournment

* Next meeting time
* Adjourn

