# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes 2025-07-21

## Attendance

* Record present: Chris, Moshe, James, Phebe, Karen
* Record absences: N/A
* Vote to approve 2025-06-09 minutes
  * Phebe motions
  * Karen seconds
  * Aye: Phebe, James, Chris, Moshe, Karen
  * No nay
  * Motion passes
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
  * Conflict of Interests update
  * Meeting timing and location
* Vote to approve agenda:
  * James motions
  * Karen seconds
  * Aye: Moshe, Chris, James, Phebe, Karen
  * No nay
  * Motion passes

## Code of Conduct update

* Chris: Got some feedback from Amy. She's with onboard with harmonizing. James mentioned he wanted
  to help out. Karen said Bill had questions. Bring it in September.
  * Moshe: You can take a look at my suggestion at https://claude.ai/public/artifacts/fc61f5cd-4d95-42bf-b3e9-80aa020df301
  * Chris: Yes, I'm in favor of using LLMs.
  * Karen: Thanks for reposting. I didn't notice. What is "sexualized clothing"?
  * Moshe: For example, women in bikini.
  * Chris: I'll put it in Google Doc so people can comment at their leisure. Then we can have a meeting
    and vote.
  * Karen: Schools have dress codes, but that's the fuzziest one usually.
  * Moshe: I've just seen some conferences have women in the booth using sexualized clothing to get
    people to come to the booth.
  * Chris: We want to make sure we have a good complaint process. There are ideas on how to manage that.
    We are going to have an e-mail.
  * Moshe: Maybe we can use something like e-mail -> trello -> manage lists.

## Meeting timing and location

* Karen: Folks are busy, we turn out attention to board just before the meeting. It's helpful if
  we know where we get to. For peace of mind, can we default to zoom?
* Moshe: Can we commit to always send an e-mail?
  * I'll gather everyone's e-mails on discord, and send an e-mail to the official "list of preferred
    addresses".
* Chris: I live by my calendar. Can we move it?
* Phebe: Discord has discord events.
* Moshe: I'll put together a Google calendar dedicated for that, and give everyone on the board
  permissions to edit it.
* Phebe: If you create a Google calendar, it can show up on the discord channel.
* Moshe: I'm happy for someone to set up that integration.

## Get togethers

### State of the meetups

#### SFPython

* James: Last time at Sentry, we had two speakers James O. and Pamela F. Sentry is a great host.
  * Next one is at GitHub, project night. That's all set up.
  * Phebe gave a pitch on PyBay
  * Phebe: Pamela did a demo of accessibility checker. I want to integrate it into the PyBay website.
  * Phebe: Also crosspost, a package that helps post to multiple social media sites.

#### BayPiggies

* Chris: We hosted a meeting on June 16, great turnout, location, speakers. We're trying to go for
  something in September. Still haven't announced a date, still finalizing.
  * Previewed PyBay speakers.
  * Karen: I was excited that we maxed out the time in the room -- 7pm-9pm and we couldn't get people
    out of the room. A lot of diversity in interests. SAP had to clear us out of the room, and people
    stood on the steps for another 30m because they didn't want to stop talking.
  * James: We had that happen in SFPython too. I try to make sure everyone's time is well spent. I went
    overboard. People are having a good time networking. I don't have to fill every minute.
  * Moshe: Yes, Pyninsula put an emphasis on networking.

#### Pyninsula

* Moshe: Mahmoud and I are working on the website more editable.

#### PyLadiesSF

* Phebe: We had a location and speakers, we had a sponsor. There was a dispute between the venue
  (wanting to sign a contract) and the PSF wanted to review the contract and sign it on behalf of
  PyLadies. That ended up not done by the deadline, and we had to cancel the event in June/July.
  Hopefully, we can reschedule for Sept., talked to people involved. Next event might be fully
  online event. This way no need for venue. so we had the first PyLadiesSF event in a while. For
  the next one, we have a venue contract, and the PSF is taking time to review it. Every small venue
  will require a contract. That's too much of a load on the PSF.
* Moshe: Can we ask the PSF for a standard contract that we can give to the venues? Maybe for all
  US meetups.
* Phebe: That's been the main hurdle.

### State of PyBay

* Chris: Meta, Bloomberg, PSF signed. We're in a process with NumFocus.  We have three other commitments,
  Intuit for gold, and Neo4J for silver, Talk Python community sponsorships: giveaway for tickets
  on podcasts in return for vouchers to some of the Talk Python classes.
  * Last time we talked, we had someone raising concerns about non-profit status of PyBay in light of its
    history. We have managed to assuage the issues with people.
  * Went to SciPy in Tacoma, got to meet some people from Anaconda (positive), Microsoft (Sarah K.,
    positive). Might happen. NVidia might help.
  * Any questions? Any leads?
  * Karen: Congrats! I know it's a lot of work.
  * Chris: I made the decision take addresses off from pretix.
  * Moshe: What about city and state?
  * Chris: We're talking to the PSF. We are currently inconsistent.
    * We want to put the PSF privacy polciy there.
    * We're working on marketing, assets. We need to up social media posting.
  * Phebe: We sold about $7k worth of tickets, sponsorships about $37k, so total revenue is around
    $42k. We're close to break-even. This year is more expensive, for the speaker room and overall
    prices went up. We need to sell more tickets.
* James: Venue expense?
  * Chris: We talked to them about adjusting based on ticket sales.
* Phebe: We're going to give some tickets to students.
* Chris: We're going to ratchet down volunteer count, and give free tickets.
* Phebe: Regular meetings of the organizing committee?
  * Chris: We'll start soon.
  * Phebe: That will help to coordinate marketing.
* Phebe: Should we play the Python documentary? Partially?
  * They did it in EuroPython.
  * We might get the rights to screen it.
  * Chris: I'd love to get a solid answer. 
* Phebe: we need to talk about the facebook page.
  * Chris: I'd love to get access to that.
  * Phebe: There's an issue with the Facebook page. I got removed as an admin. We're not sure who's
    the admin. It's a big hurdle. We're working on it, and if anyone can help that's great.

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: September 8th, 2025. Moshe is happy to host.
  * Moshe will set up shared calendar for that.
* Adjourn:
  * Karen motions
  * Chris seconds
  * Ayes: Moshe, Chris, Karen, Phebe, James
  * No opposition
  * Motion passes, meeting adjourned.

