# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes 2025-11-17

## Attendance

* Record present: Chris, Phebe, Karen, James, Moshe
* Record absences: N/A
* Vote to approve 2025-09-08 minutes:
  * James motions
  * Chris seconds
  * Aye: Chris, Phebe, Karen, James, Moshe
  * Motion passes minutes approved.
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
* Vote to approve agenda
  * Chris motions
  * James seconds
  * Aye: Chris, Phebe, Karen, James, Moshe
  * Motion passes, minutes approved

## CoC updates

* Chris: CoC edits went out to Karen and Moshe, we made some updates
  * Major issues identified
  * Sidebar with Bill (from the meetup groups)
  * Sent out to James and Phebe for review
  * Still waiting for some feedback
  * Phebe: Need a couple of days to give feeedback
    * What was the enforcement mechanism?
    * Chris: Spelled out remedies from nothing to full banishment
    * Phebe: How are we going to get the meetups on that?
    * Chris: We're talking to meetup groups
    * Phebe: How is the CoC WG appointed?
    * Chris: Board appoints, we'll spell it out more.
* Karen: We discussed that we will document which groups agreed to its implementation.
  * We want to explicitly list the groups who adopted it.
  * Chris: I just listed all the groups. I'm not sure what the process is?
  * Moshe: As far as I'm concerned, any group that is using PSF resources has to use them.
  * Chris: Should we involve them in the process?
  * Moshe: Yes, we should. But once the board votes on it, the vote is binding for anyone under BAPyA jurisdiction
  * James: Cody and folks have yet to look at it. Should we have them look at it?
  * Phebe: Up to you
  * James: I think we'll be ok
  * Karen: I think putting more effort in making people feel included is worth it. CoCs are used when things go sideways.
    * The more people sign off on it the more they feel like they're allies.
* Chris: Do we want to do meetups after the BAPyA people sign off on it.
  * James: Yes, the board should be done first.
  * Karen: I hope in the next meeting we'll have a more resolved.
* Chris: Next steps is to get feedback from James and Phebe and resolve.
  * James: Yes, let's agree by end of november.

## Moshe's resignation

* Moshe: I'd like to announce resignation now, and give people enough time to get replacement candidates.
* Phebe: The process for a vote is to send it once the annnouncement is made. We'll also informally ask the people who submitted.
* Moshe: Oh, my term ends at Feb '26? I'll just not run again.
* Phebe: We should send out the e-mails soon for anyone who's up for re-election.
  * I'll do that, and come up with a schedule.
* Chris: We should vote in January, and confirm the results.
* Karen: I'll target a vote mid-January.
  * Mahmoud and I will document the process.
  * James: I can run it
  * Karen: Do we want a party outside the board?
  * Moshe: I can run it since I don't have conflicts of interests
* Moshe: Let's have a quick zoom to vote and certify.

## Get togethers

### State of PyBay

* Chris: We had a great PyBay, 420 tickets sold. Good vibes, good talks. We cleared about $17k after expenses.
  * Some minor expenses still coming in but not a big deal.
  * This includes expenses which will be useful long term, like LinkedIn (over 500 followers from 200 at the beginning of the year)
  * Phebe: 320 checkins
  * Chris: A couple of hiccups: we had a no-show, ran out of food.
    * Karen: If we have people tapped as backups, let's confirm that they are really ready to give talks.
    * Moshe: Maybe we don't need backup speakers
  * Chris: We'll figure out a better process for backup speaker.
* Chris: Minor kerfuffle with the PSF because we showed up early for the afterparty.
  * Our volunteer system worked all too well on wrap-up.
  * I cannot by PyBay chair again, we need a replacement.
  * I am happy to advise, but it should be a role that rotates.
  * Phebe: We also need to recruit a PyBay chair, if anybody knows somebody.
  * Karen: I want to extend my thanks for your help, Chris, in chairing PyBay with proper processes for sponsors and more.
* Phebe: I still need to wrap-up digital stuff.
* Chris: You can wind down the access soon.

### State of the meetups

#### SFPython

* James: Going good, I was in Denver for last one
* Phebe: We had 80 people signed up, 40 people showed up, ordered too much pizza. We had great external speakers and several core devs.
  * Not that many GGU students, even though it was at GGU.
  * Next event in Sentry on Dec 10th
  * We still need to figure out January
  * Chris: We can maybe talk to UCSF. I started engaging.

#### BayPiggies

* Chris: next meeting at Thursday in SAP labs in Palo Alto. We already have a speaker
  * SAP agreed to host more meetups in '26, but we might have to get our own food for some.

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: 2025-12-08
* Adjourn:
  * Chris motions
  * James seconds
  * Ayes: Chris, Phebe, Karen, James, Moshe
  * Motion passes meeting adjourned.
