# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes 2025-02-17

## Attendance

* Record attendees: Karen, James, Mahmoud, Moshe, Phebe
* Record absences: None
* Vote to approve 2025-01-27 minutes
  * Karen motion
  * Phebe seconds
  * Aye: James, Karen, Mahmoud, Phebe, Moshe
  * Motion passes
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
  * None
* Vote to approve agenda
  * James motions
  * Mahmoud seconds
  * Aye: Mahmoud, James, Karen, Phebe, Moshe
  * Motion passes

## Meeting

### Pre-vote process for board nominations

* Karen: We havne't distributed the form yet. We might want to add agreement to CoC.
  * We also want to verify with anyone who is nominated by someone else.
  * The e-mail should say something like we'e seeking nominations for this role,
    short explanation of what the role does.
  * It would be nice to have a unified bay area mailing list
  * Then we need a process to identify that the people are ok with the time and responsibilities.
  * Do we need any criteria?
* Moshe: We're the people who make the criteria and vote?
* Karen: What is the process that we establish? Based on what? Do we need a document
  about each candidate? The nomination process might not have that.
  * This is important to us so we can vote for the right people. It's high impact.
* Moshe: I think we can solicit the explanation in the e-mail where we confirm
* James: IT could be in the form. I have a draft of the e-mail.
* Moshe: The blurb has to be in the e-mail because people who are nominated should speak for themselves.
* Karen: If I nominate someone, should that be a separate form for self nomination?
* Moshe: Maybe we should only allow self nominations.
* Mahmoud: If someone is willing to serve, they're willing to self-nominate.
* Phebe: Maybe we should have people fill in who nominated them?
* James: How does the PSF work?
* Phebe: There are blurbs
* Moshe: I think people self nominate.
* Karen: Do we need verbiage about it?
* Moshe: Send them the link
* Karen: What if people are shy?
* Phebe: In the PSF, it asks people to nominate themselves with some details.
* Karen: I don't want to overcomplicate
* Mahmoud: Hopefully we're not missing out on anyone.
* James: The PSF does allow nominating others, but for us it's a little too much.
  * We probably don't need anyone.
* Phebe: We can start with self nominations, and then solicit other people nominatoins.
* Karen: A lot of people don't know about us.
* James: I'm trying to simplify things. Self nominations feels simpler.
  * This way the form can be the one thing without other things.
* KAren: The current form has affiliation, and some stuff for nominating others.
  * Should I add anything else?
* James: You mentioned affiliation. Have "other".
* Karen: There are some things.
* Moshe: Since it's going to be only self, CoC, meetings, and information.
* Karen: I'll make those edits tonight and share them. Should we have a conversation
  with people?
* James: On an ad-hoc basis.
* Karen: It's the first time going outside of the board.
* James: Right now we're five people. Are we going to expand the board?
* Moshe: Whose terms are up?
* Phebe: Mahmoud and James
* Karen: I feel like I lost track. When do each person's terms end?
* Phebe: Karen and Moshe got two extra years, and Mahmoud and James have terms that are up.
* Phebe: My term ends in 2026 with Karen and Moshe.
* Moshe: Do Mahmoud and James want to run?
* James: Yes
* Mahmoud: No
* Moshe: Then I think we should keep it at five.
* James: We probably have at least one person interested.
* Karen: We should make sure people don't overload themselves.
* Moshe: I think we need to make sure we're not pressuring anyone.
* James: Karen is going to tweak the form, and I have a draft of the e-mail. Maybe Karen
  can help me draft it?
* Mahmoud: I can help with the e-mail/form
* James: Maybe Karen and I can proofread ech others' stuff
* Karen: Sure, we'll decide on a time to connect on it.
* James: We'll send out drafts to approve to the board.
* Karen: We can vote on the discord

### Schedule for board nominations and voting

* James: Dates that feel to me is have the nominations open until Feb 28, nominees nominated by March 14.
* Moshe: And we'll vote sometime in the middle.
* James: Can we get together on March 10?
* Moshe: Maybe we can vote offline? By e-mail. I suggest approval voting.
* James: We can pad a little in case something weird happens.
* Karen: What if we don't get enough nominees?
* James: It's vacant. We don't vote people in just because we have a slot.
* Karen: If we get several candidates?
* Moshe: We can agree on discord to have a short meeting. Is everybody ok with the dates?
* General agreement

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: March 3, 2025.
* Adjourn:
  * James: Motion
  * Mahmoud: Second
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Mahmoud, Moshe
  * Motion passes, meeting adjourned


