# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes 2025-05-05

## Attendance

* Record attendees: Phebe, James, Karen, Chris, Mahmoud, Moshe
* Record absences: N/A
* Vote to approve 2025-02-17 minutes:
  * Phebe motions
  * James seconds
  * Aye: Phebe, James, Karen, Moshe
  * Abstain: Chris
  * Motion passes, minutes approved
* Vote to approve 2025-03-10 minutes
  * Moshe motions
  * Phebe seconds
  * Aye: Phebe, James, Karen
  * Abstain: Moshe, Chris
  * Note: Due to the contents of the meeting, the minutes are in the privileged repository.
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
  * Recognize the election
  * Vote for officers
* Vote to approve agenda:
  * Phebe motions
  * James seconds
  * Aye: Phebe, James, Karen, Chris, Moshe
  * Motion passes

## Meeting

### Recognize the election

* Karen: Do we need to acknowledge the election?
  * We have notified the candidates, but not the community
  * Are we always going to have the outgoing candidates attend a hand-off meeting?
  * We should clarify the process
  * We should prepare for less friendly situation
* Phebe: Should we have emeritus?
  * We should send out an e-mail
* Karen: It acknowledges an orderly transition, fiscal and legislative accountability
  and transparency
  * It can seem small, but good to prepare for time that it's more contentious
* Phebe: The next election will potentially have a lot of turn-over.
* Mahmoud: We had good candidates, more than 10.
* Phebe: We also keep getting new volunteers
* Phebe: We should vote on sending an e-mail, and assign someone to publish the details
  on our website.
  * Karen: I set up a test account and shared it.
  * Karen and Mahmoud will write it up.
  * Phebe motions to send the e-mail
  * James seconds
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Chris, Moshe
  * Motion passes
* Phebe motions to ratify the new board is: Phebe, James, Karen, Chris, Moshe
  * James seconds
  * Aye: Phebe, James, Karen, Moshe
  * Abstain: Chris
* Phebe: The point of transition is the results of the election
* Karen: In any transition, we need some sort of hand-off
  * I'm more comfortable with ratification, so there's a point of formality here.
* Phebe: We should write up a process for next time
* Karen: This can be discussed in the next meeting. We can have an agenda item for that.

### Vote for officers

* Director
* Chris: What are the position
* James: Director, Treasurer, Secratary
* Phebe: Technically, the director is best not on the board
* Moshe: The director is the equivalent of a CEO
* Karen: We floated the idea of ancillary candidates for these roles
  * I don't know if it can support a board and a director
* Phebe: The board term is two years, the director is for one year
* Chris: We should think about "board president/board chair"
* Phebe: I avoided having a board chair, I combined the director with those responsibilities.
* Moshe: We're lightweight because we're a fiscal sponsoree of the PSF
* Phebe: Who wants to be director?
* James: What does it mean? What are the responsibilities?
* Karen: Should we table this?
* Phebe: The secretary and the treasurer are appointed by the director
* James: I can keep doing what I've been doing, which isn't much as director of BAPyA.
  * I want to invigorate the meet-ups.
  * I think the director should do more, and I want to do more on the meet-ups.
  * I can stay as a director for a while, but I hope the next director will be able to improve meet-ups.
* Chris: Where are we in the cycle?
* Phebe: January to January
* James: I'd like to appoint Phebe for Treasurer, Moshe for secretary, if I'm the director
* Phebe: I nominate James as director
  * Karen seconds
  * Aye: Phebe, James, Karen, Chris, Moshe
  * Motion passes, James is the BAPyA director until January 2026
* James: I'll write up the job description for next time.
* James: I'd like to formally appoint Phebe as treasurer and formally appoint Moshe
* Phebe: I accept the appointment
* Moshe: I accept the appointment

### State of the meetups

* Mahmoud: Pyninsula tomorrow.
  * Meta, Alvaro and Amethyst are involved, Amy is working on video editing skills.
  * Moshe is going to be the board representative in Pyninsula now
  * People want to give pre-written talks, but 15 minutes require them to edit it
  * Moshe: We can change this
* Mahmoud: We need to figure out what service we provide to the community. Open source is more commercialized now.
  * Phebe: It's difficult. I got an e-mail from a 13yo. Not sure what would work for a new member.
  * Mahmoud: I'd love a talk about "abstractions in the age of LLM" but how would we get something like that?
  * Karen: It feels like Python is less exciting now. People use Python, but it's no longer what people are excited about.
  * Mahmoud: Python is sexier than ever, LLMs do Python well. But conferences are harder.
  * Phebe: The risk/reward for speaking has morphed. People only notice when people screw up.
  * Karen: At MLops, people are buzzing more.
  * Karen: We might suggest to speakers that they won't get recorded in the meetup
  * Mahmoud: I give speakers the option
  * Phebe: There's a whole ecosystem of the "influencers" that we haven't managed to reach.
  * Chris; It's also harder to get people in when there are less jobs offered in a meet-up.
  * Phebe: Can you still become mega famous?
  * Mahmoud: This is a strategic issue we need to tackle. Maybe starting a task force.
  * Karen: The meetup website is awkward.
  * Chris: The frequency is lower now.
  * James: What are the metrics we are shooting for? More people, new people, diversity, etc.
  * Mahmoud: I would volunteer for a task force.
  * Phebe: We should identify what the metrics we optimize
  * Moshe: I agree, having a task force
  * Karen: A lot of important people are not in the Bay area
  * Moshe: Comparing locale to locale, the Bay area is better off.
  * Karen: It requires more planning.
  * Phebe: Communication is frustrating.
  * Chris; We can appoint a task force leader, and have them report back to the board.
  * Mahmoud: We can figure things out and see if we need a budget.
* Phebe: Motion to create a task force to study the strategies for growing community
  * Chris seconds
  * Aye: Chris, Karen, James, Phebe, Moshe
* Mahmoud: I can be the initial leader, and then hand it off
* Phebe: We should probably make sure we have another one ready
* Phebe motions to assign Mahmoud to task force leadership
  * Moshe second
  * Aye: James, Phebe, Karen, Chris, Moshe

### State of PyBay

* Chris: Good. We have three sponsors: Meta, Bloomberg, and PSF.
  * CFP is open
  * We have 22 talks
  * I expect the number to go up, we'll have marketing on it soon.
* Phebe: Next week is PyCon US, we usually announce stuff there. We need graphics
* Chris: We're working on it, we have a todo list.
* Karen: What about PyBay stickers?
* Chris: We have leftovers from last year
* Phebe: We can give it out in PyCon US
* Chris: We're talking with Hidden Genius, who helps Black youth. We're also working with
  NumFocus.
  * Volunteers are up, every month or so we get another inbound volunteer.


## Adjournment

* Next meeting time
* Adjourn

