# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes 2025-09-08

## Attendance

* Record present: Chris, Phebe, Karen, James, Moshe
* Record absences: N/A
* Vote to approve 2025-07-21 minutes:
  * James motions
  * Karen seconds
  * Aye: James, Karen, Phebe, Moshe, Chris
  * Motion passes
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
  * CoC update
  * Speaker submission form
* Vote to approve agenda
  * Chris motions
  * James seconds
  * Aye: Moshe, James, Karen, Phebe, Chris

## CoC updates

* Chris: No progress, business. Next actions is reaching out to people.
  * Make sure we listen to objections.
* James: We don't have specific action items?
* Chris: Just refereshing and agreeing. To remind: they're all different.
  * Worried about gaps.

## Get togethers

### State of PyBay

* Chris: Pretty good. Sponsorships $64,000, more than $50k that we planned.
  * Almost all invoiced and paid.
  * A couple of community sponsorships (discounts, freebies, etc.)
  * Michael Kennedy free courses, No Starch books.
* Karen: Do we list what attenedees will get?
* Chris: It will be once it's consolidated.
  * We'll send update e-mails on the give-aways
* Chris: Some long-standing sponsors ghosted us (Jet brains, Anaconda)
  * We also can't get sponsorships from Snowflake/SAP
* James: What about Sentry?
* Phebe: Even hosting is questionable.
* Karen: Sometimes companies have a change in leadership and things suddenly change.
* Chris: We'll try to be more proactive about sponsorships.
* Chris: Re: tickets: 193 sold! Feels a little ahead where we wore in the same place.
* Karen: What's are maximum?
* Chris: 350
* Karen: What's the last date to get a t shirt?
* Chris: Oct 5th.
* Chris: I estimate another 70 tickets for sponsors, volunteers, give-aways.
* Phebe: We're seeing clicks coming in from e-mails
* Chris: Several of us invited LinkedIn contacts to follow PyBay. That helps our earned media.
* Phebe: We added 300 followers in the last month. We're leading in accessibility among regional conference websites.
* Chris: Money wise we'll be good, we're $80k coming in, around $80k going out, we'll be neutral.
  * We have great volunteers working out. We want to help them find their best niche.
* Phebe: we need to make sure volunteers do something meaningful and don't spread themselves too thin.

### State of the meetups

#### Speaker submission form

* Karen: We have a unified speaker submission form. James asked me to add additional columns.
  * We might need a little bit of TLC for the form and the spreadsheet.
  * I'll share the link on Discord afterwards
* James: We want to avoid double-booking
* Karen: Yes, although we are ok with people speaking at different meetups.
  * The pipeline seems to be working
* James: It's difficult to update the spreadsheets when you're tired from the meetup.
* Chris: As part of the PyBay speaker application, we ask people if they want to speak at meetups.
  * Karen: Post-PyBay we add the details from PyBay
  * James: Though a lot of them are from out of town, traveling for PyBay
  * Karen: We can add a filter on the sheet.
  * James: I base it on judgement calls.
  * Chris: I want to export it from sessionize to the centralized spreadsheet.

#### SFPython

* James: We have one on the 10th in Sentry, Daniel M. about doctest and house-speaker.
  * Got feedback that two is a good balance.
  * Taking off for October.
  * November @ Golden Gate U.
  * Phebe: GGU means we need to get insurance from the PSF, PSF is a bit underwater with accounting.
  * James: I want to have Emma Smith present in november about typing.

#### BayPiggies

* Karen: We wanted to have one in September but it might not happen.
* Chris: Haven't heard back from hosts. We'll try to get something in november.
* Karen: Last meetup went well, people were reasonably happy with location.

#### Pyninsula

* Chris: They have a meetup coming up?
* Phebe: It's not listed.

#### PyLadiesSF

* Phebe: Huge success. We have scheduled four PyLadies events. We have organizers.
  * It has critical mass. I was minimally involved. It's being organized by other people.
* Karen: How many people attend?
* Phebe: It depends. Speaking event had 30 people. I could give away some free tickets to PyBay.
  * There was an event sponsored by a start-up we met in PyCon US
  * It's now a generous definition of SF.

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: 2025-11-17
* Adjourn:
  * James motions
  * Karen seconds
  * Aye: Chris, Phebe, Karen, James, Moshe
  * Motion passes, meeting adjourned


