# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes 2025-06-09

## Attendance

* Record present: Phebe, Chris, Karen, James, Moshe
* Record absences: N/A
* Vote to approve 2025-05-05 minutes
  * James motions
  * Karen seconds
  * Aye: Phebe, Chris, Karen, James, Moshe
  * Motion passes, minutes approved
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
  * Venue options
  * Code of conduct
* Vote to approve agenda:
  * Chris motions
  * James seconds
  * Aye: Phebe, Chris, Karen, James, Moshe
  * Motion passes

## Code of conduct

* Chris: This year we had some CoC unpleasantness. We have some gaps in our CoC. I want an initiative
  to look at it more systematically. There's a lot of inconsistencies in the meetups. It's not
  really clear which CoC covers what (meetup/pybay/bapya crossover). Could we tighten things up a bit
  and make it easier to be transparent with our members? We have gotten complaints about the process
  and its lack of transparency. It  doesn't all have to be the same, but it has to be consistent.
* James: Maybe a single BaPyA CoC.
* Karen: Findability, ease of understanding. Both for the community and enforcers, clear responsibilities
  and harmonization.
* Chris: Yes, not enough was covered. People weren't clear on the escalations. I put a few thoughts
  together but maybe more people can look at it. Pyninsula organizers would have to look at it. People
  asked what is the process. PyBay organizers got a CoC complaint lodged against them.
* Moshe: We are accountable to the PSF
* Phebe: That's the defacto process, and it's document in the CoC.
* Chris: Individually these aren't real problems, but together they are painful.
* Phebe: What are the means of enforcement? Currently meetups are enforcing individually.
  We don't have a formalized process. But we do have a process for PyBay. It's a bit more
  heavy weight, we don't have anything set up for the meet-ups.
* Chris: We have the basics right, but there's some work to do on the cleanup, probably a lot of
  pieces. When I visited a relative in the hospital, there was a big sign explaining conduct
  behavior. That inspired me. If people think it's a good idea, I can share the documents out.
* James: I'd like it if all the meet-ups could point at the same document.
* Chris: Part of the issue is that we want to be clear, at least internally, and possibly externally,
  about consequences.
* Moshe: Maybe we can say what the normal consequences are, but be clear that we reserve the rights
  to make case-appropriate decisions.
* Karen: We can talk about how being banned from one meet-up might cause you to be banned from others.
* Moshe: We should be clear that consequences are not local: they might be enforced by any other
  parts of the community. Other local meetups, conferences, and possibly PyCon or other conferences.
* Chris: I can share my current thoughts. I'd love to be able to go into PyBay with a solid CoC
  story.
* Phebe: Sometimes we host celebrities, and we need to be able to enforce unpleasant stalking.
* Chris: We need to understand both the rules and the right way to communicate it.
* Karen: We can reach out to people we host and ask about what they would be comfortable with.
* Phebe: How would implement it?
* Karen: We can announce what the expectations are (no pictures, special picture time).
* Moshe: I agree. We can ask, and then publicly announce what are the expectation so that people
  don't have to feel unplasant refusing.
* Chris: Maybe we should have a special meeting. I'll publish stuff to the board and the meet-up
  organizers.
* James: Would be great to have it in time for PyBayy
* Chris: I hope so, but we'll have to see.

## Venue options

* Phebe: Last year we had a lot of discussions, but our sponsorship money is so-so.
* Chris: This is a 65k event, we need about 35k in sponsorships to make it work.
* Phebe: Our current contract is the same as last year. If we only get half of Robertson,
  half of Fisher, and a green room, we can still have the number of people we want.
* Chris: I agree, saving 3K is a good idea.
* Phebe: Half a room went empty, we could have saved money.
* Phebe: Half Robertson, the Atrium, the Terrace, Half Fisher -- until we sell more tickets.
* Phebe: Last year we had a lot of volunteers. With the same number of ticket sales, we'd
  have less attendees. PyCon went to 60%.
* Chris: We might be in the red.
* Moshe: Then I'd prefer to be 3k less in the red.
* Chris: A lot of the problem was border. The US border is less pleasant now, and has even
  worse reputation.
* Phebe: I need to make a new option.
* Phebe: We sold 6 tickets, which is ahead of where we were.
* Chris: I'll talk to Mission bay about option 6.
* James: I'd increase it before we get to 400
* Chris: Can we put it in the agenda until next month?
* Phebe: Historically we didn't sign the contract until July.
  We have a date for next year, October 3.
* Chris: We can announce at PyBay.
* Phebe: To remind everyone, we can save $3k like that. If we're
  on track to sell more tickets, especially if we advertise speakers,
  we can maybe sell more tickets.
* Chris: In theory, someone else could rent the rest of the room, but
  it's unlikely.
* Phebe: I'd really like a green room.
* James: I'd like to avoid packing people too tight.

### Documentation: Option 6 - Max 200

| Room | Occupancy | Cost |
|------|-----------|------|
| Main Conference Track | Robertson 2/3 | 95 | 9700 |
|  | Fisher East | 130 | 8000 |
| Second Conference Track | Fisher West | 200 | ^ |
| Eating Area | BOA Terrace | Outside | 2700 |
| Mission Control Area | Conference Room | 40 | 2700 |
| **Total** |  |  | **23400** |

## Get togethers

### State of the meetups

#### SFPython

* James: We're scheduled. We've got good talks, AI and Python 3.12/3.13,
  Gel is sponsoring, Yuri will give a presentation. Great venue.
  Amazing location by Ghiradelli square.
* Phebe: It's on Wednesday. We'll send out an update.
* James: Registrations are down.
* Phebe: Meetup stopped sending e-mails, and the communication via meetup is awkward and buggy.
  We should also collaborate with recruiters.
* James: I'll try to organize the volunteers more. I'll also send comms via meetup
* Phebe: I'll do squarespace

#### BayPiggies

* Karen: Meetup coming up at SAP labs. Unified meetup signups gave us some leads.
  It's still a struggle to get people to speak.
* James: Re: signups, maybe we can add a date of when a talk was given.
* Karen: We can try adding a column and see what happens.
  You're right, it's difficult to coordinate.

#### Pyninsula

* Moshe: I'll check in with Mahdmou

#### PyLadiesSF

* Phebe: It's back! They have their own pot of money from PyLadies.
  But it's going to take time to get access to it, BaPyA is going
  to extend them credit and then they'll move money to cover that.
  PyLadies event is coming up June 26.
  We have a workshop July 27
  July 24 online workshop
  * They are not formally part of BaPyA but we're closely allied.

### State of PyBay

* Chris: We plateaued on start-ups, but we have some promising leads.
  We're following up with some previous sponsors, and have had some success.
  We reached a limit with our e-mail campaign, we need net-new leads.
  Ticket sales are open, we still have early birds. We need to sell tickets
  before catering is locked down. We're hoping for celebrity draw.
  We need help structuring the social media. Not a lot of followers.
  We should connect with people on linkedin and other social platforms.
  114 talks plus place holders for sponsored talks.
  We need to be done in 2 weeks for evaluations,
  so hopefully soon we can reach out to accepted speakers.
* Karen: People loved the discount codes
* Chris: We can. We'll give discount codes to organizers, and others as appropriate.

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time: 2025-07-14
  * Moshe sends out reminder four days before
* Adjourn:
  * James motions
  * Karen seconds
  * Aye: Phebe, Chris, Karen, James, Moshe
  * Motion passes, meeting adjourned.
 
