# BAPyA Board Meeting Minutes 2026-01-12

## Attendance

* Record present: Karen, Moshe, James, Phebe, Chris
* Record absences: N/A
* Vote to approve 2025-11-17 minutes:
  * Karen motions
  * James seconds
  * Aye: Karen, Moshe, James, Phebe, Chris
  * Motion passes, minutes approved
* Ask for any additions to the agenda
* Vote to approve agenda
  * Chris motions
  * Phebe seconds
  * Aye: Moshe, Karen, James, Phebe, Chris
  * Motion passes, agenda approved

## CoC 

### Approval

* Chris: Reviewed comments with Phebe. We have a link.
* Karen: What happens if a constituent meet-up wants to add modifications?
* Moshe: I want to have it adopted as is.
* Chris: We can revise for everyone if there's a good idea.
* Phebe: Step 1 is to vote on it, step 2 is to assign people to a group to adjudicate
  violations. If there are changes, it should be spear-headed by the working group.
  Individual meet-ups should work through the working group.
* Karen: My impression is that there will be continuity of players in the meet-ups.
  There can be differences of opinion, and it's good to think about what happens if
  that happens. Our meet-up wondered if we're going to have a different one.
* Moshe: People can have differences of opinions, but implement the CoC as written
* Phebe: If the wg wants changes, they submit changes to the board
* Karen: Some conflicts can be more acrimonious.
* Moshe: Groups that want to join BAPyA adopt our CoC
* Chris motions to approve CoC
  * Phebe seconds
  * Aye: Moshe, Phebe, James, Chris, Karen
  * Motion passes, CoC approved

### Implementation

* Chris: We need to bring this to life. Easy tiers -- PyBay, the BAPyA website.
* Phebe: BAPyA website is on squarespace
  * Chris: I can take that over e-mail
* Chris: there's also meet-up pages, we need to point to BAPyA
* Phebe: We'll add it to BAPyA, and link to it from meetup?
* Chris: Yes.
* Phebe: The BayPiggies is the most complicated
* Karen: I know. I'll clean up the BayPiggies website using AI, and then
  add it.
* Chris: Everything should point ot the BAPyA website.
* Phebe: Once it's in the References, we'll add it to the BAPyA. And instead
  of separate copies, we'll have a link.
* Chris: Pyninsula organizers are on board. Do we have any obligations with the PSF?
* Moshe: I don't think there's anyone there to approve.

## Elections

* Phebe: We need to do more to make elections happen
* Karen: I have a document proposing it
* 

## PyBay Chair

## Get togethers

### State of PyBay

### State of the meetups

#### SFPython

#### BayPiggies

## Adjournment

* Next meeting time:
* Adjourn:
