* Phebe: Anything else to add to the agenda?
  * None
* Phebe: Do we vote on the agenda?
  * All: yes
* Mahmoud: Any hard stops?
  * Mahmoud: I have a hard stop at 7:15pm
* Phebe: Did everyone look at the by-laws?
  * All: Yes
* Phebe: Any changes people want to make?
  * Mahmoud: Has anyone else looked at them? Especially the PSF.
  * Phebe: Naomi Ceder is the PSF person for that, and she said it looked get.
           I didn't send it to anyone else there. We can also amend them.
  * James: If Naomi looked at them, it's fine.
  * Mahmoud: The only concern I have is how hard it is to adopt them
             if we need to.
  * Phebe: Amending is done with a simple majority?
  * Mahmoud: How do we call a meeting?
  * Phebe: The secretary needs to send an announcement.
  * Moshe: Do we need to nominate a secretary?
  * Phebe: We need to approve the by-laws first. Then conflict of interest,
    and then directory, secretary, and treasurer.
    Can we take a vote on them?
    * James: I vote yes.
    * Moshe: I vote yes.
    * Phebe: I vote yes.
    * Mahmoud: I vote yes.
    * Karen: I vote yes.
    * Phebe: By-laws are adopted
  * Phebe: We need to vote on the conflict of interest policy.
    * Mahmoud: Part of the by-laws is that the by-laws are in github. 
      Where is the repo?
    * Phebe: I'll invite you again.
    * James: Mine expired.
    * Phebe: I'll invite everyone again.
    * Mahmoud: Will the conflicts of interest be there?
    * Phebe: Yes.
    * Mahmoud: Export-to-markdown?
    * Phebe: Yes.
    * Mahmoud: Conflict of interest looks good.
    * Mahmoud: Will we have to amend it?
    * Moshe: I'm going to put in the PSF, since I'm a fellow.
    * Mahmoud: If we disclose, the others investigate, and they can decide
      what to do about it.
    * James: I am happy that if you disclose, we'll investigate and probably
      conclude there is no actual conflict.
    * Phebe: Can we vote on adopting it?
      * Mahmoud: Yes
      * Phebe: Yes
      * Karen: Yes
      * Moshe: Yes
      * James: Yes
* Phebe: By laws call for two board members serving 1 year, two serving 2 year, one serving 3 year.
  * Phebe: I want the three year term.
  * Moshe: I want the one year term
  * Karen: Me too
  * James: I will take a two year term
  * Mahmoud: I will take a two year term
  * Phebe: I vote yes
  * Karen: Yes
  * James: Yes
  * Mahmoud: Yes
  * Moshe: Yes
  * Phebe: Board is approved, we have a board.
* Phebe: How often do we want to meet, and when do we want the term to end?
  * Phebe: I think Feb or April make sense.
  * Karen: So April would mean it's through March of next year?
  * Mahmoud: Why not April to April?
  * James: Maybe the end of April or end of March?
  * Moshe: Why not March 1st?
  * Mahmoud: Good, far from PyBay
  * Phebe: Let's vote on March 1st:
    * Phebe: Yes
    * Karen: Yes
    * James: Yes
    * Moshe: Yes
    * Mahmoud: Yes
* Phebe: How often do we want to meet?
  * James: Quarterly
  * Mahmoud: For the next meeting, what will the agenda look like?
  * Phebe: More of this conversation, because it won't be finished.
  * Moshe: hopefully it'll be mostly voting on things we agreed in.
  * Mahmoud: Also financials/taxes?
  * Phebe: Yes.
  * Karen: We'll have fiscal sponsoreship, and I'm a novice.
    What do we do with fiscal responsibility?
    Do we have liability for PyBay?
  * Phebe: Let's table that until after we vote on tempo.
  * Karen: This is to note what things we still need to cover in
           future meetings.
  * Phebe: The agenda for future meetings can be added to by others.
  * Mahmoud: Re: frequency -- once a quarter is the commitment,
    the date is decided in the meeting?
  * Phebe: We'll figure out a date during the quarter.
  * Mahmoud: What if a meeting doesn't happen?
  * Phebe: We don't have anything about it in the by-laws.
  * Mahmoud: It's a corner-case. But we need to think of it.
  * Moshe: At some point, we might want to decide on by-laws amendments
    to auto-shutdown.
  * Mahmoud: One consequence of choosing quarterly, is that 10 month coma
    will have someone leave the board?
  * Phebe: It's "unexcused meeting"
  * Phebe: Let's vote on quarterly
    * James: Yes
    * Mahmoud: Yes
    * Karen: Yes
    * Moshe: Yes
    * Phebe: Yes
* Phebe: Nominate James as director?
  * Karen: Second
  * Karen: Mahmoud, do you want to do it?
  * Mahmoud: No.
  * Karen: What is the term?
  * Phebe: Officers are one year.
  * Phebe: Let's vote
    * Phebe: James
    * Mahmoud: James
    * James: James
    * Moshe: James
    * Karen: James
* Phebe: Who do you want to be secretary and treasurer?
  * James: Who wants to be?
  * Phebe: I want to be treasurer.
  * James: Phebe is the treasurer.
  * Moshe: I can be secretary
  * Phebe: As secretary, can you run the doodle?
  * James: I appoint Moshe to secrterary.
* Moshe: We have by-laws, conflict of interest policy, board, directory, secretary, and treasurer.
* Phebe: Now we have 25 minutes to discuss our vision and mission.
  * Phebe: I need others' input for that.
  * Phebe: We don't have a $6K for a Food Truck PyBay.
    The grant process is pretty straightforward. The earliest we would be
    getting it would be June. I talked to the Mission Bay people, they
    have availability in Oct. I don't know what the price will be for that.
    It's a different vibe.
    I have a list of every sponsor historically, and I can reach out to them.
    I know exactly how much she made -- `$8K`-`$42K` (details in e-mail)
    in sponsoreships.
    Less than four months is tight.
  * Moshe: October sounds too tight.
  * Phebe: We need to think strategically.
  * Moshe: Yeah, we are all newbies.
  * Karen: Can we go back to vision and mission?
  * Phebe: Yes
  * James: I think the conference is a bit more urgent.
  * James: As far as budget goes, we're looking for a loan from the PSF?
  * Phebe: Yes. Chris Brussa said he'd be willing to loan the money,
    and we could pay him back when we get a grant?
  * Karen: The $6K is the food truck downpayment. We don't have data re:
    Mission Bay. Would Mission Bay be preferred?
    Are we definitely doing food trucks?
  * Mahmoud: We could send out an e-mail to the meetups and former attendees
    and ask people what they want? Also how long is the grant process?
  * Phebe: At least four weeks to approve.
  * Mahmoud: What's the cut-off for the deposit?
  * Phebe: We have a soft-hold on the dates. But we might need to pay the deposit sooner if we want to make sure they hold it if someone else wants that. They will hold the dates until May-June.
  * Moshe: October might be too cold/too rainy.
  * Mahmoud: Average low is 58 down to 56.
  * Karen: Anecdotally, the rain usually starts in November.
  * Moshe: How about in Mission Bay early 2024?
  * Phebe: We can reach out to the community and see what people prefer? Note that 300 is the max for the food trucks.
  * Karen: It's worthwhile to consider in-door. It gives us more flexibility both for the weather and for the size. Maybe not two day event, but I think it might make sense to go back in-door. We can have an option for recording and streaming, and it will give us more flexibility.
* Mahmoud: Point of order. Can we adjourn and agree to discuss this async?
  * Karen: E-mails might get low response yet. Also we should reach out to\
    previous feedback.
  * Phebe: What actually worked is putting up polls at meet-up events.
  * Moshe: Who's volunteering for gathering the feedback?
  * James: I can take responsibility.
